This strategy [music] is so simple, and
it is the Rothschild investment
philosophy. Simply put, [music] buy when
there is panic in the streets. I coded a
simple strategy which buys the S&P 400
at different levels of the VIX, aka the
market fear [music] index. Then I
optimized the multi-charts for every VIX
level combination of [music] entry and
exit across 26 years of data. And
[music] from the 3D chart it's clear
the best performance is coming by
entering when the VIX is high.
So, when people are buying, and exiting
when the fear [music]
reverses back to normal, at around the
level of 15 points. And plotting it on a
heat map it's even more clear that when
everyone panics, you buy
your contracts.